Building the logo requires a few steps, depending on how much you want
to change.  If you're doing all the steps, you'll need to first render
texture images in gimp, then use these in blender to render some foreground
and background images.  Finally, you'll combine the blender output images
using gimp again.

We'll look at how to build the rectangular logo first.

Under rectangle are two gimp files, code.xcf for what you can see
through the magnifying glass, and background.xcf for what you see
everywhere else.  These would be a good place to change the text
position, size, etc.  You can export these as png files under the
same name, e.g., background.xcf --export-to--> background.png

Then, to build the logos, we render up to three different images in blender.
Open the magnify.blend file and render what's in layer 1 to get the
main images.  There's a background plane with a texture map set to
either background.png or code.png.  I just change this to point to each
background image and render it each time.  Then (if you need to move
the magnifying glass), you may need to also render the sphere in layer
11.  Save each of these to a file  background_render.png, code_render.png
or mask_render.png.

Once these blender rendered images are in good shape, you can use the
logo.xcf to combine them into the final logo.  The background_render.png
is in the bottom later, the code_render.png is in the upper layer, and the
mask_render.png is a layer mask for code_render.png.  As it comes out of
blender, the colors in mask_render.png won't be quite right.  You'll need
to fill the circle with solid white and fill the background with solid
black before using it as a layer mask.

Finally, you can export a png for the resulting logo.

Instructions are similar for the square version of the logo, but there
aren't xcf files for the foreground and background images.  I just built
these from the xcf files under rectangular for this.  I included
the resulting png files to simplify building, in case no changes to the
texture images are required.
